From a sustainability perspective,
climate change is
the main thing on the block as far
as I'm concerned.
I want to do something impactful in
terms of climate change.
I want to be as useful as I possibly
can in terms of reducing
greenhouse gas emissions at
a global level and obviously, we're
trying to be as efficient as we
possibly can with our irrigation use
so that we're pumping electricity
consumption is as low as we can.
Asparagopsis seaweed has
been identified over
the last few years and research
work done by CSIRO
to prove the fact that
it will reduce methane emissions
in ruminants by up to 80 per
cent.
It's going to have a significant
impact on the amount of methane
emitted from sheep
and cattle. In a dairy
scenario we should see a 10 per
cent improvement in productivity
by that reduction in methane
emissions.
I am concerned
that the next generation of my kids
are all in their early 20s
and they, like a lot of their
contemporaries, I think, are
concerned about what the future
might look like on the back of a
climate change scenario.